Then…
the hostages, as well as me,
and the Northern spies…
The ANSP agent who went out yesterday
is coming back with supplies.
If you want her to live,
don't try anything.
Don't do anything.
You bastard.
Don't you dare touch her!
You think you can get out of here alive?
You used to work in both
East and West Germany, so you must know
this is the scheme the high-ups of
our countries planned for the election.
For them to win the election
by a landslide,
would it be better to rescue all
of the hostages and make people happy?
Or would it be better to kill all of them
and make people furious?
Of course, the latter would be better.
Because that'll make the voters
vote for the ruling party.
They'll spare the Northern spies
while killing all those innocent students?
You think that makes sense?
If you're right,
that means the North gave up on our lives.
The high-ups in the South,
who don't hesitate
to kill the innocent
to gain power, would certainly do that.
But my country is different.
What?
My country never gives up on the comrades
even if they fall behind.
The party considers the people
as its children.
They'd never abandon us.
Look.
Wake up, will you?
You still don't get it.
In this scheme
for the presidential election,
pawns like you and I are just tools
to use and throw away.
If that's what I need to be
for my country,
I'll gladly be one.
According to An Gyeong-hui,
Chief of Anti-communist Investigations,
in the dorm you can see,
64 hostages, including female students,
are being held hostage
by seven Northern spies.
Because of the gunfire heard not long ago,
people fear for their safety.
You used to work in both
East and West Germany, so you must know
this is
the scheme the high-ups of our countries
planned for the election.
Don't you still get it?
Pawns like you and I are just tools
to use and throw away.